CSC418 A3
MINGYE WANG, 999573938, g3nicky
YIFEI YANG, 999590526, g3yangyl

	
Part B:
Overall submission:
C++ files:
	1. groundmap.cpp
	2. main.cpp
	3. vector.cpp
	
header files:
	1. vector.h
	2. keyframe.h
	3. groundmap.h
	4. timer.h

textfile:
	1. REPORT.txt
	keyframes.forder:
		2. keyframes1.txt       
		3. keyframes2.txt 
		4. keyframes3.txt 
		5. keyframes4.txt
		6. keyframes5.txt
		7. keyframes6.txt
		8. keyframes7.txt     
	(keyframes.txt was used for animation, people can load and press start animation to 
	watch a small movie. In order to make it easy for editing and modifying, the 
	keyframe.txt was broke up into 5 pieces, we can change each keyframes(1-5).txt's name 
	to keyframes.txt and animate them separately. Finally we combine those 5 movies, the 
	new movie is called "tanks' war")

makefile:
	Makefile

picture:
	ground.tga
	(used as the ground of the battlefield)
movie file:
	"tanks' war"
	
executable file:
	tank
   
program:
    This program described a war between one "green" tank and five "enemy“ tanks, we draw
    6 3D tanks in total, those tanks can move, rotate in any direction and fire to destroy
    enemy tanks by modified the keyframes. In this program, we design some keyframes, and 
    make it looks like a battle between the tanks.
    
Implement:
Our keyframe has 88 DOFS
Tanks:
	In this program, we design 4 kinds of tanks. First,the "green one" is the player's 
	tank, it consists of turret, body, gun, track, fender and wheels. Then, the "gray one" are
	enemy tanks, their structures are different from the "green one", their wheels are 
	bigger and some of them do not have tracks, we also design a "Boss Tank" which is very
	powerful. All the tanks can move(along x-axis, y-axis and z-axis) and rotate(around 
	x-axis, y-axis and z-axis) by modified the degree of freedom, the wheels will also 
	rotate around the center while tank is moving. The turret of the tank can rotate from 
	-360 to 360, and the gun can raise and reduce to hit enemy.

walls:
	We implement four red walls, each wall is cuboid, and they consist the battlefield

shell:
	The shell is also a cuboid, the colour of shell is white, when the shell hit something,
	the spark will appear

ground:
	We map a matel ground on the battle field.
	http://stackoverflow.com/questions/12518111/how-to-load-a-bmp-on-glut-to-use-it-as-a-texture
	our function GroundMap::LoadTexture(char * source) is form the link above.
	we use it to load the image for future use.
	
spark:
	The spark was consist of many tiny cube, when the shell hit something, those small 
	cubes will move along their own way, looks like the explosion, the colour of the cube 
	is orange 

light:
	There exists a light on the battlefield, the colour of the light is wight, people can
	find the shadow of the tank, wall and shell.     
	
Role of each member:
MINGYE WANG:
1. draw some parts of the 3D tank
2. Map the picture on the battlefield
3. implement the light on the battlefield 
4. Record and combine the movie file
5. Report

YIFEIYANG:
1. draw some parts of the 3D tank
2. implement the battlefield(walls and ground)
3. design all the keyframes
4. implement the spark and shell
5. debug                                                